STUDENT PANEL

In My Courses button, there's no content in course page when you click it.
notification button doesn't work.
chat room is not specific messages per course.
when the page refresh it doesn't stay on the page you open, instead it auttomatically back in dahsboard.
students profile/settings should be simplified by showing only their information and cannot change/edit any details. (only the admin)
when you change theme mode, the change of mode in part of dashboard is kinda delay.
the CHECKmate name and logo should be functioning.


INSTRUCTOR PANEL 

the chat room should not be generalized, but per course/section.
the delete button is not positioned properly.
the content of the Manage button of a course is not fully functioning like the Manage Assignments, Manage Students, View Grades.
the container of Manages button doesn't show properly the content of it.
when the page refresh it doesn't stay on the page you open, instead it auttomatically back in dahsboard.
the CHECKmate name and logo should be functioning.
Instructors profile/settings should be simplified by showing only their information and cannot change/edit any details. (only the admin)
the view button in Assignments page isn't functioning/ no content showed.
when creating an assignment it doesn't save.
the container of the Grade button doesn't show the content properly.
the content of the View button is too simple and empty.
the Regrade button container doesn't show the content properly.
the grades still doesn't shown even when it is already Auto grade.
the View Analytics is still not working real time.
the create rubrics/custom rubrics should be place on the assignment page when the instructor create a new task to create new rubrics specifically to the assignmement.
the newly create announcement is not showed on the page.
same with the posting a new material/ cant upload a file or resources.


ADMIN PANEL

the quick actions isnt functioning( can be remove/not)
admin should be accepting/approving the new register account.
admin should have the full acces on all the panel.
In adding new user content, remove the Plagiarism flags
